                                                CURRICULUM VITAE

Geetha H N
Email: geethargit@gmail.com                                     
Mob:   +91-8748073720

PROFILE

A software professional as Software Engineer with 10 months of experience in Software Development. Strong operating system basics, programming languages like C, C++ and UNIX. Very good team player, self-driven, ability to lead and work in ambiguity. 

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:                                                                                        

Working as a Software Enigineer in Saviance information system and solution pvt ltd, RT Nagar, Bangalore from 01-SEP-2014 to till today.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:

Bachelor of Engineering (CSE), Rajeev Gandhi Institute of Technology, Bangalore, June-2014. 

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
                                                                                
Operating systems     : UNIX.
Programming Languages : C, Data Structure, C++, HTML and PHP.
Database              : Oracle.


PROJECTS SUMMARY:

1.	Analysis of Node.js platform for web application security.
Team Size    : 20
Language     : PHP
Role         : Developer
Duration     : Sep 2014 – Till today.

  The security of a web application composes of not only the realization of the application, but also the underlying platform and the various technologies that have been used. This thesis analyses the security aspects of one relatively new platform – Node.js. Node.js platform has two important differences compared to traditional web application platforms. Firstly the platform is event-based and uses one main thread for its event loop, which forces developers to use asynchronous interfaces for I/O operations. The second important difference is that Node.js applications are written in JavaScript. This thesis analyses the possible dangers and weaknesses using Node.js platform and server side JavaScript. The thesis also gives recommendations for writing and configuring secure and stable web applications on Node.js platform.

2.	Driving Assistance Using Android Smart Phone. 
  The three-axis accelerometer of an Android-based smartphone is used to record and analyze various driver behaviors and external road conditions that could potentially be hazardous to the health of the driver, the neighboring public, and the automobile. Effective use of these data can educate a potentially dangerous driver on how to safely and efficiently operate a vehicle. Using a multiple-axis classification method we can reach with better road anomaly detection.

PERSONAL INFORMATION:

Name	            :	Geetha H N
Father Name	      :	Nanjundappa H K
Date of Birth	    :	10th may 1993
Sex	              :	Female
Marital Status	  :	Single
Nationality	      :	Indian
Permanent Address	:	Geetha H N
D/o. Nanjundappa H K
Near Kalikamba temple,
Haranahally.Arasikere(Tq),
Hassan(Dist).
Languages Known	  :	English, Kannada.

I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:
Place:
									                                                                                  	[Geetha H N]
